the commuters like one of 47 train
movies that's being released into
theaters and his literally just Liam
Neeson's non-stop but on a train I
personally say that it's a rented and
you should just watch it on your train
ride to work since it's the length of
that movie but let me explain we follow
Liam Neeson before his family gets taken
working a nine-to-five at an insurance
agency where he seems to be in good
hands every day his wife drives him to
the station and he takes a train trying
to save up for its kids tuition until he
gets fired he meets up his buddy at a
pub who just so happens to be his
ex-partner since of course Liam Neeson
was an ex-cop and they start talking
about how corrupt the police system has
become and they seem to be blaming
everything on chief Allen grants over
here and moan about how noble guys don't
win his buddy reminds him that he's
gonna miss his train so like your mama
running late he rushes to it but forgets
his phone trains completely stacked
since it's prime time and Liam society
to all the regulars as he finds a seat
and comes across a non regular Lorraine
Warren over here can still sense things
because she knows that Liam's a cop and
that he's in need of $100,000 that she
offers him in a bag in the bathroom and
all he needs to do is drop a GPS gum
ball into the bag of a person named
print who he doesn't know what they look
like cue the 90-minute game of guess who
that he's about to play even though he
tries to get off early but then that
chick from the last episode of Black
Mirror stops him and tells him that
they're always watching him so I don't
know if this is like that episode of
black man where this big corporation is
controlling a bunch of civilians to do
their dirty work but I wonder if they
have so many spies on the train already
why bother Liam Neeson's after getting
his wife's ring he starts freaking out
and nonchalantly asks Mike for helps and
he's about to get off and then whoever's
running this thing has an agent
straight-up Regina George him onto a bus
again
if this corporation has so many people
why not fine print yourself turns out
that it's the government slash police
force doing this because earlier in the
news a dude committed suicide who just
so happens to have some dirty secrets
obviously he was really killed and print
just so happens to be the witness who
witnessed it all and has a harddrive
with evidence Prince is then put on this
train to go see to detect
instead of them coming to them and
that's why Lorraine and her evil group
want to kill the witness before that
stop Liam then starts sagging people who
are gonna get off at zone seven only for
them to not be Prynne which means that
he's getting innocent people murdered
like we're talking a dude who Liam tags
and is actually an FBI agents and
somehow gets killed by the jazz player
on the train who's really an assassin
for the people and he stole him away
underneath the train and no one seizes
like if y'all got assassins on the
strain how can you not find preening
yourself either way it becomes Murder on
the Orient sat Neeson and the police
stopped the train since they get a call
that Liam Neeson has been acting pretty
suspect he bunks with the corpse so they
don't find him the train starts moving
he traced a spider-man his way back into
the train from the outside loses the
hundred Cray for his kid and he still
gotta finish the movie he messes with
the AC so that way the remaining cast
can all go to the last train he has a
one take old boy fight with the Jazz
assassin and Big Sean's him out the
window and he finds that prin is a
random girl we saw one little glimpse of
in the beginning of the movie named
Sophia
Liam won't kill her like Lorraine wants
to so she freaking door rails the Train
and I'm not saying that that Washington
incident happened not too long ago but
one they detach the final car and for
whatever reason everything's okay - they
flip all over the place yet none of them
get a scratch and three they give no
justice to the conductor man here who
sacrifices himself the cops arrive and
they all think it's a hostage situation
with Liam so they send his buddy Patrick
Wilson to go in there to calm down the
situation and dun-dun-dun turns out he's
the one who's been conjuring up a plan
with Lorraine get it cuz they're both
and turns out his buddy is actually the
corrupt one who set the whole thing up
because he wanted to help out Liam since
he knew he could use the $100,000
Patrick then demands to know who print
is so he can kill her and I kid you not
all the passengers stand up saying I am
prim like they're auditioning for The
Hunger Games or something all of a
sudden they all got this negan loyalty
this thing ends up turning into a scene
from a Disney Channel original movie
no his buddy Patrick ends up getting
killed they all get saved
turns out the chief ain't that bad
Neeson rejoins the force to stop bad
guys and right at the end of the movie
he goes to Chicago to find Lorraine
taking the metro overall I'd say these
movies are they're still alright they're
decent action movies for what they are
but they're not as good as they used to
be but if there's one lesson that you
should learn from this movie and all of
the others it's don't ever travel with
Liam Neeson's thank you guys for
checking out this video as always let me
know your thoughts and what movies you
want me to explain next that are coming
up let me know what you thought about
this movie where you think it ranks in
all of the Liam Neeson movies that have
been out there of course taken to me is
so the best one nothing's ever gonna
beat that but we'll see how long he has
to go now that he's like in his 60s
other than that let me know your
thoughts down below don't forget to
subscribe and if you do you will get a
month's supply of commuter tickets on
the Orient Express